3/15/2020

Discussion Topics:

1.  Progress of everyone:

We are figuring out how to schedule ourselves over the break with the new
restraints on meeting face-to-face. Tyler and Pete will work on the Depth
Camera while Nolan will be working on the Tracking Camera. Dom will have to
continue researching the raspberry pi and figure out a way to bring all the
pieces together.


2.  Concerns:

We cannot meet face-to-face due to the covid-19 and university rules. We do not
yet have a plan on how to test all of the hardware together.


3.  Any Change of plans/ideas:

We all have to work remotely until further notice


4.  Misc:

Switched language from C++ to Python
Nolan contacted Kevin Hulton to ask about the camera and SDK earlier
